Update commands for obtaining Airflow Chart images. (#4054)
astronomer/docs: software/install-airgapped.md

1. Configure your current session by setting the following environment variables locally:
  - `CHART_VERSION` - Your Astronomer Software version, including patch and a `v` prefix. For example, `v0.34.1`.
  - `CHART_NAME` - Set to `astronomer/astronomer` if fetching platform images from the internet. Otherwise, specify the filename if you're installing from a file (for example `astronomer-0.34.1.tgz`).

>   - `AIRFLOW_CHART_VERSION` - Your Astronomer Software Airflow chart version, including patch and a `v` prefix. For example, `v1.10.0`. Please see our [Airflow chart version compatabiltiy reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/software/version-compatibility-reference#airflow-chart-compatibility-reference) to obtain this value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `AIRFLOW_CHART_VERSION` - Your Astronomer Software Airflow chart version, including patch and a `v` prefix. For example, `v1.10.0`. Please see the [Airflow chart version compatibility reference](https://www.astronomer.io/docs/software/version-compatibility-reference#airflow-chart-compatibility-reference) to obtain this value.
```

>   - `AIRFLOW_CHART_NAME` - Set to `astronomer/airflow` if fetching platform images from the internet. Otherwise, specify the filename if you're installing from a file (for example `astronomer-airflow-1.10.0.tgz`).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - `AIRFLOW_CHART_NAME` - Set to `astronomer/airflow` you fetch platform images from the internet. Otherwise, specify the filename if you install from a file, for example, `astronomer-airflow-1.10.0.tgz`.
```
